can you do
It is time to went Hello this Shima production of tooth 10 days
So you pole of the arc new arc
If the chiller number hand is more of the old Bal 4- ma reel of ace
Bread model
Put 4000
I would like to give it up, so here is a brief explanation of the mountain
the fact that a new N arc
even though a I think that can be seen When asked to have here form
It is made simple good this time
a
Casting performance a
Now only the direction of the after that let's extremely to the limit
Unauthorized floor in Korm
After all, it is pretty light or cod
Well
When you cast a survey cowgirl c , the lure is
There is a little wind today that it flies to the liner, but such a bad situation
Among them, yeah
Wow yeah yeah
Well that it is easy to fly without falling distance
I was able to call my boss
And Are You a rear reel Yeah right here vanquish
Yes , it 's the rotor
ci 4+
That the sensitivity at the time of winding up and had adopted what they say is really better
Of course I'm the handle a
a It becomes a machine cut and this one is
And it had the aim of weight reduction a very
The combination is likely to be patchy with 3 cans of beer
I really want to throw a little
Because the place of
def
Yeah yeah yeah
You can extend this distance even in the wind.
I'd like to try winding a little but a
It is amazing winding I Maki rain a Magnum light rotor
It is light after all
It is the house with the best winding door